h1. Peaty

Peaty (PT, 'pee-tee'): A PivotalTracker API Client

h2. Usage

NOTE: This is not live and only reference while development is still early.

<pre>
class User < ActiveRecord::Base
  pivotal_tracker_for :pivotal_tracker_api_key, :method_prefix => :pt, :table_prefix => :pt
end

u = User.first

team = []
releases = []

u.pt_projects.each do |project|
  project.stories.all
  project.releases.all
  project.stories(:type => :releases)
  
  # add team members to team list
  team.concat project.users # but ensure uniqueness later
  
  # collect our releases
  releases.concat project.releases
end
</pre>

See how current API works for selecting types of stories (chores, bugs, releases, and features)

h2. Contributing

Step 1: Submit a failing test.
Step 2: ???
Step 3: Profit.

h2. Other PivotalTracker RubyGems

* https://github.com/joslynesser/pivotal_tracker
* https://github.com/jsmestad/pivotal-tracker

h2. License

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2010 Matt Todd, Highgroove Studios.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.
